DigitalSignature.cpp can implement the DSA functions of both signing
and verifing signature, and key generation. DigitalSignature.cpp is
derived from a file that is provided with cryptopp. Before using the
code, users need to download version 8.2.0 of cryptopp from
https://github.com/weidai11/cryptopp and its related Cmake.  The
default compiling file is the test.cpp. Users need to modify the
related configuration files to compile this file.

To generate key:

  Private key will be saved in "dsaprivate.dat" while public key will
  be saved in "dsapublic.dat".

  The format to execute generating key is:
   ./cryptest.exe --Command KeyGen  
   
To sign signature:  

   Reading data, hashing data, reading private key and signing will be
   executed. Private key will be read from a file assigned from input
   argument and signature will be written to "signature.txt". Running
   time of different parts will be printed out.
   
   The format to execute signing signature is:
   ./cryptest.exe --Command sign --File chip.bin --PrivKey dsaprivate.dat     
   
To verify signature:  

  Reading data, hashing data, reading public key, reading signature
  and signature verification will be executed. Signature will be read
  and public key will be read from the files assigned from input
  arguments. Running time of different parts will be printed out.
  
  The format to execute verifying signature is:
  ./cryptest.exe --Command verify --File chip.bin --PubKey dsapublic.dat --Signature ./signature.txt 

  Text output will indicate either "Verified signature on message" or
  else "Failed to verify signature on message"..



======================================================

As noted above, our code is derived from test.cpp of cryptopp. Its
license is reproduced below.


The Crypto++ Library (as a compilation) is currently licensed under the Boost
Software License 1.0 (http://www.boost.org/users/license.html).

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
